ref_en
India and Japan prime ministers meet in Tokyo
India 's new prime minister , Narendra Modi , is meeting his Japanese counterpart , Shinzo Abe , in Tokyo to discuss economic and security ties , on his first major foreign visit since winning May 's election .
Mr Modi is on a five-day trip to Japan to strengthen economic ties with the third largest economy in the world .
High on the agenda are plans for greater nuclear co-operation .
India is also reportedly hoping for a deal on defence collaboration between the two nations .
Karratha police arrest 20-year-old after high speed motorcycle chase
A motorcycle has been seized after it was ridden at 125km / h in a 70km / h zone and through bushland to escape police in the Pilbara .
Traffic police on patrol in Karratha this morning tried to pull over a blue motorcycle when they spotted it reaching 125km / h as it pulled out of a service station on Bathgate Road .
Police say the rider then failed to stop and continued on to Burgess Road before turning into bushland , causing the officers to lose sight of it .
The motorcycle and a person matching the description of the rider was then spotted at a house on Walcott Way in Bulgarra .
Karratha Police have charged a 20-year-old man with failing to stop and reckless driving .
He is due to appear in Karratha Magistrates Court on September 23 .
The motorcycle was seized and impounded for three months .
George Webster accused of Nairn and Pitlochry hotel rapes
A man is to stand trial accused of raping women at two hotels .
George Webster , 28 , faced the charges during a hearing at the High Court in Glasgow .
He is alleged to have raped a woman at the Scotland 's Hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire on June 7 , 2013 .
It is claimed Webster attacked her while she was " unconscious , asleep and incapable of giving consent . "
Webster is then charged with raping a second woman at the Golf View Hotel in Nairn in the Highlands on May 4 , 2014 .
Judge Lady Rae set a trial date for November 17 at the High Court in Edinburgh .
Reconnecting With the Very American Ideal That Labor Rights Are Human Rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have proposed legislation to protect union organizing as a civil right .
" As go unions , so go middle-class jobs , " says Ellison , the Minnesota Democrat who serves as a Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair .
That 's why I 'm proud to introduce the Employee Empowerment Act with civil rights icon John Lewis .
This ground-breaking legislation will give workers the same legal options for union organizing discrimination as for other forms of discrimination - stopping anti-union forces in their tracks
Amending the National Labor Relations Act to allow workers who face discrimination for engaging in union organizing to sue for justice in the civil courts - and to collect compensatory and punitive damages - is a sound and necessary initiative .
But it in certainly not a radical initiative - at least by American standards .
Indeed , the best way to understand what Ellison , Lewis and the cosponsors of their legislation are proposing is as a reconnection with a very American idea .
Despite the battering that unions have taken in recent years - in Wisconsin , Michigan and states across the country - Americans once encouraged countries around the world to embrace , extend and respect labor rights .
There was a time , within the living memory of millions of Americans , when this country championed democracy , freedom of speech , freedom of the press and the right to organize in the same breath .
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II , General Douglas MacArthur and his aides encouraged the country to adopt a constitution designed to assure that Hideki Tojo 's militarized autocracy would be replaced with democracy .
Fully aware that workers and their unions had a role to play in shaping the new Japan , they included language that explicitly recognized that " the right of workers to organize and to bargain and act collectively is guaranteed . "
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II , General Dwight David Eisenhower and his aides urged the Germans to write a constitution that would assure that Adolf Hitler 's fascism was replaced with muscular democracy .
Recognizing that workers would need to organize and make their voices heard in the new nation , the Germans included a provision that explicitly declared : " The right to form associations to safeguard and improve working and economic conditions shall be guaranteed to every individual and to every occupation or profession .
Agreements that restrict or seek to impair this right shall be null and void ; measures directed to this end shall be unlawful .



